I've been walking about looking at
things making observations and there are
some mean-looking motherfuckers out
there there are some blokes walking
around I don't know where they going
nobody knows where these guys are going
but they're walking around these faces
like pit bulls so much mean this these
guys they haven't inherited these faces
they've worked on them why would they
want to look so mean it reminds me of
that game fable where your face changes
depending on how evil you are by the
look on these guys faces you think how
many villages is that person killed you
don't get to look like that just from
stealing apples whereas me I'm a fucking
cleric I'm not hurting anybody I'm not
dangerous
no one's frightened of me though maybe I
give off a weird vibe like I've messed
with your cattle tried to feed your pony
my favorite thing about tough guys is
their walk the way they swagger roll in
their shoulders and this walk is a
signal a beaming lighthouse of danger
stay the fuck away as tough as this
looks it's funny if you know if you
change the context put them in heels on
a runway they'd fit right in
Pisces if a tough guy walks like someone
who wants to beat you up then I walk
like someone who would be enjoyable to
be up no one is threatened when they see
me coming in on the street I get too
involved I'm swinging my arms I look
like I'm having the best day of my life
it's like I'm taking a stroll in a
musical I'm smiling they're strangers
taking off my hat well how do you do mr.
Tomkins
how was the wife and baby a miscarriage
shit sorry Lulu yeah but this doesn't
stop me from trying I actually found
myself in a bit of an emergency
situation the other day where I had to
bust out my own tough-guy walk walking
towards an underpass when a guy comes
out and you never really want to see a
guy when you're about to go into a
tunnel unless it's his and you've agreed
to that whole gym anyway I get closer
and he walks back in not like he's going
anywhere but like speed and direction
are entirely inconsequential he doesn't
have anywhere to be this guy doesn't
have an appointment he's walking along
like he's in a park like he's just
enjoying the sights there's nothing to
see here we're in a tunnel
this isn't Hobbiton get out of here so
I've now committed to walking
this underpass I'm halfway through when
he gets to the end and then just stops
leans against the wall and eyeballs me
now I'm moving towards him this
gatekeeper who gets to decide whether I
keep my phone on up and I become
increasingly convinced that I'm gonna be
stabbed unless I pull something drastic
before I realize what I'm doing my
elbows are out and I'm just fucking
rocking it down that tunnel like I've
got the biggest cock on the block like
my balls are big enough to suffocate him
he doesn't challenge me I look straight
ahead sail on by I'm so thrilled that I
get to keep my life I won't like that
the rest of the way home in retrospect I
don't think he was a mugger I think he
was just a rubbish drug dealer what are
you doing hanging around under bridges
that's so obvious is such a cliche what
is it your first day you probably saw me
going potential customer I'll offer him
some lovely drugs and then I come
charging down like a one-man conga line
it's like fuck this that's not hip for
now I hope you enjoyed my tales of tough
men in danger you see real tough men we
haven't got anything to brew if we don't
need Silly Walks to scare strangers no
we wait till the situation arises before
you letting you know I'm the
motherfucking Batman as in I'm rich and
I'll pay some people to swallow my
problems for me Facebook Twitter and
Tumblr links in the description see you
later
start again so are you slowly want to
lie across the ball that is perfect